10.8.3 Post Mortem

D-11271 - Directional surveys not being displayed in 3D geophysics.
- For a lot of the problems that we ran into we were lacking sufficient data of the right type. We might not have enough directional surveys, production, zones, etc.
	- Maybe some of the older projects should be updated to include more of the newer data types.
	- Should be testing with bad data to ensure that error handling works better.
- From a development point of view 
- Sync error bugs - we should include more information in the sync error when we encounter sync errors.
D-11273 - Dropping licenses overnight
- Easier to test with breadth rather than depth, so spreading the testing around to more machines with different settings might be able to catch these kinds of issues faster and also narrow down what those issues are.
D-11279 - Z slider 
- Missed by QA
D-11293 - File licenses in 10.8 expire a day earlier than in 10.7.
- Unclear expectations for licensing. 
D-11147 - 10Duke - When all licenses of your default license are in use you will get a license error.
- We put a lot of tools into SeisWare instead of directing people or org/sys admin - put the work on the users IT team to do the work for their licensing.
- We should use different licensing setups on the development/testing side. We should have at least one person in QA using a minimum number of licenses.  
D-11300 - Updating surface locations to existing wells while using a coordinate conversion can give incorrect bottom hole locations.
- Importing top hole data was converting bottom hole data as well - This has been a long standing issue (since coordinates were introduced).
- We might want to look at our well import as a whole.
- Can we document the desired functionality of the new well importers. Do we have the functionality of the current well importer documented. 
	- Assign the PO's to elaborate on the new well importer documentation.
D-11317 - Will consume an extra license with 00000 hardware
- Get more people internally using new licensing sooner.