Dev Retro

Flakey TeamCity builds
- We could investigate more - Garby
- Could we ask IT to take control of the build servers and stop running scripts?
- Book a separate meeting and invite Garvin and Optionally all dev - Lucius
- Investigation ticket - Sam
Smart Pointer vs Parent vs Delete
- Post - Abdel
Middleware
- Ed V is interested in taking this on.
- https://www13.v1host.com/SeisWareInternationalInc/Epic.mvc/Summary?oidToken=Epic%3A136563
- Abdel is working on a video
SDK Sample Apps
- We should be updating this when we change anything in the SDK.
- For the sample apps we should have python and C# test cases
	- This is a big ask.
- Could we add SDK Changes as a tag? 
- HowToSDK.md? (ie migrate the very outdated wiki page about all the places to change) - Mo
Are we abiding by the licenses of our 3rd parties?
- Send Milos any 3rd party libs that you might have used - Everyone
- The 3rd party libs documentation is out of date. - Milos will update
- Garby can scrub the repo for older ones
API Server meeting
- Invite everyone from develop and Nick - Garby
Our release branch strategy is not robust enough
- Any db upgrade that makes it into our main working branch forces the entire product into a minor version change. Why can't we have a working patch branch (eg a working branch for 11.0, where any changes cut from there would result in 11.0.1, 11.0.2, 11.0.X, etc.) and a working minor branch (so, if the working patch branch is 11.0-based, the working minor branch is an ongoing build of 11.1)
- If we want to do this, we do it on the fly. Just let everyone know that this is the db upgrade/minor branch.
- Mo will bring this up when it arises
Deprecated Method
- Test your methods before you use them

Retro

360's - Keep notes on what you like and what you would like to see changed
Discussions with CNRL - Do we want to try slack? Do we want to try a different app within teams? 
- Speak up if you feel that this is a recurring issue.
- Discipline with using group chats.
11.0 pulled into develop?
- Soon. Let 10.8.6 get out first.
Standardize DrawIO
- QT designer works well for devs. They can use the mockup going forward.
- No need to force a standard.
Christmas Scrum
- Milos will create a new scrum. 9:00 - Sam as scrum lord.
Critical Captain
- Should they be on bug busters? Does being the critical person affect the current project?
- Be Agile. We can adapt the sprint, we can hand off work.