Branching points for projects. How do we deal with multiple projects touching overlapping code.
- 2 related issues: eating DB upgrades and touching shared code
- There might be a way to deal with this better in Git?
- Action item: Look into how we might better deal with this using Git - Garby
- Tech debt to look into the DB - Garby
Merge Stories
- We typically merge at some point in the middle of the process. Had to make risky changes to work with half-finished projects. 
- Milos: So this is a perfect example of the area of the project charter - where we write testing notes - of risky things that should be written down.
- If there are risky merges we can create tickets to test anything that might have introduced risk.
	- Garby: One thing I think is cool with ad hoc integration testing stories, is when you get to the scheduled one at the end you can take on the notes from any other ones you generated on the way as a record of merges flagged as risky
- Add this as an ever green
How do we want to share design patterns/multi-threading things?
- Lunch and learns - record the videos
- Proposal for after you've learned what you could: "Be the change you want to see". If you read the docs and were like "this could use a video", be the one to make it even if you weren't the original expert
Start phasing out 10.8 now?
- Yes, anything that hasn't already been started. Any new stuff should be started on 11.0.
Who wants to merge dev to 11.0?
- Garby
- Who's responsibility is it to merge in general?
Is SDKClient.test related stuff blocking 11.0
- Technically no, not in a user facing way.
- We should still fix this.
- Milos: we CAN do regression test while working on that - and then we will see what we discover after that
- Discussion tabled for next meeting.

Retro

Teams:
AP: Abdel, Allen, Mo, Alana, Mila
GB: Ed, Rolf, Aidan, Andrew, Pranj
BB: Sam, Lucius, Garby, coops, Nick, Amber

Scrum Lords:
- Mo - Bug Busters
- George - Gunny Bears
- Sam (remaining) - Filterdelphia

Action item: Book meeting to chat about how the device licensing feature project came about and if we're cool with how things played out. Involve mgmt. - Milos

Performance testing
- Performance testing included in the integration testing ticket.
- Should be more discussed in general