Dev Retro

Should we always use QT smart pointers?
- Performance may be an issue but is it significant enough to offset the benefits?
- Can we change one app to use smart pointers and use that to compare performance?
- https://justinfx.com/2015/06/07/comparing-performance-of-qt-smart-pointer-options/
- For a small number of object creations/deletions, the performance difference doesn’t seem like it would matter that much, but when it involves tons of objects it might be a problem. If your classes were already QObjects then there are less options to consider in the first place. And the more performant route, if you don’t care about the amount of code that has to change, would probably be to shoot for QSharedPointer + QWeakPointer.
- Decision: Yes, we can use these but be aware of situations where we are using large numbers of objects.
- Should this be a standard for QT or best practice?
	- Best practices
	- Lucius to bug Mo to add this to the doc.
Lolla Days
- Take them.
- Mandatory fun.
Fault DB upgrade uncoupling
- Current approach: add two empty file in place of 11.00.00 and 11.00.01 for original Faults upgrades and then figure out new Fault upgrades version number
- Place holders are there to document why those 2 numbers are missing.
- Continue with current approach.
Cherry Pick vs Merge for patches
- Ed would like more robust notes in cut tickets.
- Cherry Pick vs Merge note added to cut tickets.
- Try to avoid cherry picking.
Ignore "unknown" cases instead of throwing exception
- This came out of the Architecture meeting for Gun Barrel. A throw prevents us from adding new types in later versions, making backward-compatibility harder (if not impossible) to deal with. This also happened when we did the SDZ project, which produced unnecessary extra work. Therefore, for future proofing, when handling something that's not recognizable, disregard and move on instead of throwing. This allows older versions to simply ignore the new stuff
- Moving forward be careful of what you throw. 
- It would be nice to start some sort of future-proofing document.
Use Qverify_exception_thrown instead of our handrolled stuff from Unittestcommon/verify.h
- Not sure if our Verify.h stuff was written before Qt5.3 (when this test feature was released), but why aren't we using this over our Verify stuff? Is there a drawback/limitation I'm not seeing?
- Lucius - Investigate
QT 6.7 adds support for 2d bar, line and graph
- Might be able to replace IOcomp!
- We should start looking into this.
- 