Dev Retro

Putting Design documents in the code review
- Has been working for us and we should continue to do that.
- Design meetings should have an output file that is added to the code review.
"BaseRunnerMainWindow" for task-runner type main windows
- Rolf is suggesting porting over functionality into a base class for any apps that run tasks.
- Mo - "prefer composability over inheritance"
- If we can make them into their own components we can improve the speed that we create new apps.
- We want to find a more composable way to go rather than inheritable.
- Rolf - Update tickets for TGS moving forward. Add investigation task to one of the stories.
- Ed V - Chat with Milos and Ed Chow about the connectors.
Middleware
- Who wants to take this on?
- https://www13.v1host.com/SeisWareInternationalInc/Epic.mvc/Summary?oidToken=Epic%3A136563
- Our process would dictate that we assign this to bug busters.
- Ed V is interested.
Critical/Support Needs help
- Allen
Chief Signer
- Currently Aidan. How do we want this to work going forward?
- Critical person also does this job? Rotating position? Whoever is in the office at the time? Milos?
- Milos - can delegate as needed. 
- Write up the steps to sign so that anyone can do it.
Including Resource files in project filters standardization
- Do we want this to be recorded in the coding standards?
- Filter is "Resource Files"
- Garby - .md file in Documentation/General and Soft post
Smart pointer vs parent vs delete
- Preferences for memory management?
- Depends on the lifecycle of the object?
- Tabled until next time.

Retro
- Add a ticket for API server limitations - Spencer
- Sample apps
	- Should we be shipping these with SW?
	- Should we have a larger discussion around this?
	- Add a dev topic. - Nick
- 360's
	- Longer deadline would be better.
	- Knowing ahead of time that 360's are coming would be helpful, be able to plan for that better.
- Remove unnecessary fields from V1
	- QA, PO, Dev and Milos
	- Mo - Will make a post on product team and ask everyone what needs to be removed.
- Assign WGI Retro discussion to the Filterdephia team.