Dev Retro

Lolla Questionnaire complete

Documentation for Toolkit
- Garby posted a code review for documentation
- Mo and Aidan - Ticket has been generated to deal with this but it has not been picked up yet.
- Post list of locations for documentation on the orange (higher priority than fixing the documentation) - Ed V (reference B-16767)
- Standardization of documentation should be covered by the story.
- How can we best set this up to work for new hires? (checklist that we are currently using is working well)
- Send Ed emails if you have trouble finding something. 

Dev Wiki
- Where do we keep track of who is the dev owner for certain areas
- Dev Owner - owner of the project
- Area Expert - Most knowledgeable about the area
- How do we deal with changes over time? Area experts might change over time? How do we prevent silo-ing?
- Should we have a "point person" for projects? Is that the dev owner.
- If questions posed to the point person are recorded on SOFT then we can avoid siloing 
- Update documentation - Milos

Critical Captain/Support Needs Help
- Do we want 2 devs on Support needs help?
- We will decide next retro who is going to take this on

Retro

Messaging Servers 
- Maybe we should make a document to condense our knowledge about it - make it easier for future messaging server work
- Getting a release build from the build server - the process of attaching to a release build was annoying. 
- Better documentation for this would be helpful. Add learnings into a doc - Mo

Documentation for Middleware
- Make notes of any questions that you have and record them for future reference. Use those notes to improve the documentation. - Lucius

WSI Volunteers
- Garby
- Lucius
