Development Retro
- Hard drive requirements
	- Use your local SSD as a build drive but projects should be left in the HDD drive
	- Collect current system specs for all devs and talk to IT to see if we can add/upgrade SSD's - Ed
- How to keep up to date on C++ & dev trends
	- Make sure that you are using the right versions that are compatible with our current 
	- https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/20
	- Youtube and Reddit
	- Stack Overflow
	- CPP Con
	- Feel free to share articles and resources in the dev chat
- 11.0 Release - Pros and Cons
	- Ed: I would like to see it pushed out
	- What are we releasing for 11.0? Mostly tech debt, and faults. Anything that was marked as "fixed on major" and could potentially break backwards compatibility. SDK changes.
	- Abdel: The longer we wait the more complicated it gets with dependencies. 
	- Some strong advocates, a few people indifferent no strong detractors.
- Ancient CSV log information
	- Mo: "How about we bulldoze the Eiffel Tower and build a Walmart?"
	- Do these files have a purpose?
	- Ed - In favor of removing them 
	- These files might contain useful information
	- Whenever you are making code changes just remove them.
- Architecture overview for Tim and Johnny?
	- We made a video for that - 
	- Johnny and Tim to review the videos and record what questions and gaps are in the existing resources. Add comments/questions to the video.

Retro
- How do we deal with the smaller issues that are related to scaling?
- Training videos - anyone who is reviewing materials spam Ed with any questions that you have so that we can better understand what is missing.
- 10Duke - make sure that the documentation is on the Orange (Brandon and Allen)
- Change the status option to be Merged instead of Merged to Develop - Amber and Abdel
- Mark meetings as optional
- Reminder: re-enable signing for branches.
- Picking new stories as a baseline for what 1 point is.
	- Take a look at the tickets that we have and how points are currently assigned
	- Sam - Identify some common threads with the point assignments collect some notes and thoughts - Establish a baseline
- Do we have a process for adding a story
	- We have a process for adding a bug. https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/QA%20Wiki/Version%20One%20Defects.aspx
	- Do we have a doc for adding a story? - Alana will look into what is happening here, some clarification is needed here and she will contact Mo about what needs to happen.
	- https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Filling%20out%20Stories%20and%20Defects.aspx
- High/medium/low Priorities
	- How do we make sure that we are hitting all 3 buckets.
	- Monitor what we are taking to make sure that we are hitting a fair balance. Quarterly basis. 
	- Critical issues? Are they part of the bug bucket? Yes.
	- Ed is going to chat with Milos about establishing a report.
	- Add an evergreen to the board to remind the team
- Signing issues
	- What is the risk of not signing internal builds?
	- If we distribute branches externally we will need to be conscious of the signing but doesn't seem to be much of an issue internally.
---

