Dev Retro

Standardize that member initializer lists must match order of declaration.
- Older C++ standards don't warn against out-of-order initialization (C++ 23 FINALLY does but we don't use it yet). Initialization order depends on the order that member variables are declared in the class not the constructor, which can lead to crashes and nasty stuff if B's initialization relies on A's.
- Try to avoid having member variables initialize other member variables.
- Could we write a SOF post for this? - Carter
Cancel builds that are expected to fail
- TeamCity wiki page has a blurb about how to disable particular branches.
- Dev wiki also has a TeamCity page.

- What worked well for us?
- What did not work well for us?
- What actions can we take to improve our process going forward?

Retro

TODO tags in the coding standards? - Mo
Change/shorten the status list on portfolios
- Revisit the status list on portfolios document. Send out email and we can discuss from there. - Milos
- https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Project%20and%20Portfolio%20Planning.aspx?xsdata=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%3d&sdata=eWpnMnRVYTlhZkEvZm95K2l4ZnpOMlBYUzQwSnZ2alFBMVJVTWJzWFlnVT0%3d&ovuser=cc49b003-6b47-42c5-a830-05418b4ffe96%2crfolkersen%40seisware.com&OR=Teams-HL&CT=1708460589386&clickparams=eyJBcHBOYW1lIjoiVGVhbXMtRGVza3RvcCIsIkFwcFZlcnNpb24iOiI0OS8yNDAxMDQxOTEyOCIsIkhhc0ZlZGVyYXRlZFVzZXIiOmZhbHNlfQ%3d%3d&SafelinksUrl=https%3a%2f%2fseisware.sharepoint.com%2fsites%2fProductTeam%2fDevelopment%2520Wiki%2fProject%2520and%2520Portfolio%2520Planning.aspx
- Decision
	- Needs AC -> Needs Estimate -> Ready -> In Development -> Merged
- Edit the Project and Portfolio status doc - Mo
- Modify V1 - Abdel
Do we have a machine with minimum specs? Should we have one?
- Can we get IT to set that up?
	- Ask IT about setting up a minimum spec machine - Rob
	- Vineweevil has lower specs
- Performance AC for faults?
	- Current Process: Use vineweevil for performance metrics and then send the performance numbers to PO?
- Are the minimum specs that we have viable?
	- Look into the specs and see if they need updating - Rob
FathomAI
- Summaries of meetings are great for catching up
- Look into licensing and IT concerns - Ed.
Gun Barrel Architecture
- We are currently at 4 people which seems to be a good number for this project and we don't need to bring in other devs at this time.
Reminder: Lolla booking make sure that you book your PD and make note of what you are working on.
Scrumlord 
- Do we need volunteers?
- If you don't feel comfortable being a scrum lord feel free to speak with Milos about that and work on those skills if needed.
- ScrumLords - Send out meeting invites - Nick
	- Ed- 9:00
	- Milos - 9:30
	- Andrew - 8:30
Testing Backlog
- There is going to be a lot of testing done by development coming up shortly which should balance things out.
- Bring in developers to help with testing when possible.
Jordan's Unnamed Side Project
- He can get started on that to lessen the testing load on the bug busters board.
- Needs some info/meetings from the other members of the team. Not ready to get filled in without outside input.
