Phase 1 MVP

Good:
Duplicating XSV allowed us to move fast but we also had added tech debt to make that happen.
- We know what the cost is and it is well documented moving forward
- Documentation of all of our issues has also helped us to prevent making the same mistakes
Story Map
- From a PO perspective it is the best way to map out a project.
- The developers also liked the story map and found it to be helpful for keeping track of the project as well as when onboarding onto the team.
Having an internal stakeholder meeting was helpful
- We found that it was good to communicate with an internal stakeholder.
- We want to make this a rotating role for the developers on the team to get more exposure.

Mixed:
Tons of meetings up front
- Created a bit of meeting burn out among the team.
- Ultimately, planning things out in depth made the project easier in the long run
- Going forward we would like to space these meetings out more and know what project we are going to work on in the future. Management is working on this.

Bad:
We tried too hard to put estimates on tickets that needed more clarification
- The team should feel empowered to push back any portfolios that they need more information to estimate.
Didn't stick to updating the Project Charter
- Added some updates when implementing user feedback but otherwise didn't really use the charter in the course of the project.
- Want to make sure that any risky parts of the project are documented and the testing notes for that part of the project are implemented into test plan for the project.
- Who is the intended audience?

Discussions:
Tetris was helpful early on but had diminishing returns later
- Good early on to lay things out but loses value later when the plan is clear.
- Going to add a discussion topic to the main retro board to discuss further with the team.
Accumulating tech debt
- We chose to add tech debt in order to finish the project faster.
- We don't like intentionally adding tech debt but if it is well documented it is an acceptable debt to take on.
