Development Retro

SourceTree Clutter
- Because of the large amount of bugs being fixed there is a lot of branches clogging up the sourcetree.
- Are branches being cleaned up properly by the team? No, some of the branches need to be cleaned up.
- Evergreen to clean up merged branches. - Scrum Masters
- Garby: Keep a local copy and remove the remote one (Just in case)
- Integration branch for the maintenance branch?
- Look into git prune and make sure that is turned on.
- Discuss further in Bug Busters planning.
- Clean up Pranj and Muhanned's branches - Ed V
- Clean up all the other branches - Everyone (Monday Feb 12) 
- Trigger notification email on Tuesday 
Performance
- How do we capture/identify/communicate performance issues.
- How often are we using a large dataset to test performance?
- Explicitly mention any potential performance impacts (or lack thereof) in every ticket?
- Making a mandatory performance section in a ticket is a good start to just having it be more front-and-center
- Set up performance discussion meeting - Lucius
Prioritize 11.0 Work
- Sam moving over to Bug Busters today to work with Brandon on 11.0 work.
- Get Sam set up on Bust Busters - Garby 

Retro

- It issues? Is that something that we are notifying IT about? Yes, IT is being notified.
- Integration branch works well for the He11 Intersections
- Book retro for Appalachian workflow project - Amber
- Look at the digital.ai length of time tickets on average spend in columns - Milos
- Book meeting to review the code review process (Send out meeting notes out to the whole product team) - Carter
- Priority of where to find documentation
	- Ed is going to start a stack overflow topic about this. 
- Standardized PAA 
	- Make sure that your update your outlook calendar when taking PAA
	- Decline meetings that you are expected to attend
-  Code Signing
	- It works! But you have to be physically there to use it :(
-  Lollapalooza
	- Teams have been created and will be sent out this week