Documentation 
- Do we have a place to put documentation?
- It would be nice to be able to search for documentation
- Leave this discussion until after the ticket is done https://www13.v1host.com/SeisWareInternationalInc/story.mvc/Summary?oidToken=Story%3A131342
Lollapalooza 
- Remote login to speed up the presentation.
Capstone project
- Requires 1500 Hours
- Triangulation problem for surfaces
- Postman - Mo looked into this and it might be viable but would require more research. 
- Any other ideas from the team? Are there any concerns relating to this project?
- Send your ideas to Milos by July 10
- Ideas that do not involve giving out our codebase are preferred.
- Share this with the others that are on Vacation
Junior to Intermediate doc
- Almost done, look forward to that in the next one on ones.
Tech Debt Grooming
- Does anyone want to step up and start doing that?
	- Mo

Retro
Team Reshuffle
- Sam, Brandon and Tim to BB. Mo to EFHI.
- Sam to be Scrum Master for EFHI
- Kathryn to Scrum Master for Bug Busters
- Youssef to Scrum Master for Gunny Bears
0 Point Stories
- Reminder make sure that the points aren't blank when closing a story.
Delete Portfolios
- Some portfolios have been fixed by other work can we delete them.
- Yes, but we can do that in tech debt grooming.
- Mark portfolios to be deleted somehow.
Sharing successes from the 360's with the team/company?
- Orange post with everyone's success included.
- Let Milos know if you do not want to be included
Lollapalooza and waffles 
- no scrum that day.
Shirt Sizes
- Should they be updated to match our 3 week sprints?
- If you want to make a change, put forth a proposal and we can take a look at that.
SDK Xteam testing
- Kathryn and Mila
- Sam
- Abdel
- Allen