PD Ideas
- Move the PD ideas to the Retro board.

Teamcity and Python
- This will be implemented soon, Milos will contact the team and figure out if this is going to be Azure or Teamcity.

Meeting with Brett
- We should set up a meeting with him to discuss the teams and the development plan moving forward.
- Milos will be keeping the team in the loop.

QDebug
- Should we keep or remove?
- Removed for release builds.
- We like them generally, don't go overboard and don't leave them around when you are done with them.
- "Use Responsibly"

CMG Acquisition
- Blueware meeting?
- How does being a publicly traded company affect our release schedule? How does it affect our critical process and client communications?
- Is there a data-sharing process between the companies that are going to be working together?


Retro

QA Co-op stint
- Increases the amount of knowledge in the process. Improved testing notes.
- A couple of tickets each for the co-ops this sprint. Set aside some time during planning.
- Coordinate with Co-ops and schedule QA time - Nick

Tactical Utility
- Would it be better for dev to come up with these terms instead of management?
- The purpose was to give the entire company a common language.
- Should we change definitions?
- What do the terms and definitions do for us? Are we following the definitions?
- Book follow up meeting - Nick

Scrumlord for Bugs Bunnies
- Mila taking over for BB
- Milos to change the meeting invites

3rd Party Apps
- Need to inform your manager when you are using a 3rd party apps.
- Garby - update list of 3rd party apps with new ones and send to Milos.



