QT Build Environment
- Better documentation would be helpful for new developers/co-ops
- SOFT post created and documentation on the wiki.
- For onboarding use the main setup document and only rely on the wiki if it is missing anything. https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/set%20up%20your%20git%20build%20environment.aspx
Crucible Powers for Rotating Teams
- Milos, Garby and Abdel all have permissions to modify groups on Crucible, contact them if you need any changes made.
Focus Group to chat about API server behaviour during builds
- Milos, Lucius, Mo and Spencer.
- Book meeting - Garby
No XML comments
- They are ugly.
- Usually used for the arguments and the return type.
- We need to use what works with Visual Studio
- Mo to look into what works with VS and make a proposal for next retro
Teams questions about SW logic
- Non-dev questions get proposed to devs about software logic, should we have a channel dedicated to these questions?
- Can we open up SOFT to the entire company?
- We can add the channel and allow Support to deal with the info that they obtain. Happy to help them set up a SOFT style system if they want.


Retro

Tops and Production are not in DBWriter
- Talk to Abdel about the Tops Writer - Ed V
Documentation updates for the scene controllers
- TGS team
V1 Process
- George will do a code review for the doc draft. Will add PO's to the code review.
Feature Freeze
- When do we feature freeze 11.0?
- See info below.
When PD is done but does not get merged where does it go?
- Where do we document what that folder has and when it was last updated?
- We store these in Agility Portfolios
- README's in the project
- Figure out how we want to deal with older projects. - Milos
Question's for Dev's Channel
- Try it out and see what happens.

10.8.8, 11.0, and beyond!

Important!

Product Team! Chatted with other elderly devs and here's the plan for our upcoming releases:

- 10.8.8 is happening, is there a story to cut it? if there isn't, please make sure to add one 🐞 Bug Busters 🪳
- 11.0 cut will come after
    - Once 11.0 is cut, develop will become **the** 11.0 branch. Any branch that was off of 11.0 Release should be treated as if it's off of develop now.
    - The 11.0 Release branch be treated as a proper release branch, meaning nothing will go in there afterwards.
    - During the time of the cut, there will a code freeze. Afterwards, business as usual: anything that happens to get merged into develop will become part of the next release.
- Future 10.X patches
    - Typically, our process is to push people to update to the new version of SeisWare, so chances of another patch are very slim, even 10.8.8 is kind of an exception.
    - In the unfortunate case of a 10.X patch, the fixes will be committed in two places: develop and a branch based on the latest version of 10.X release.
    - Depending on the changes; we'll either be able to cherrypick them into the patch branch from develop or have to implement again for the 10.X codebase. Either way, it's double testing!
- Future Minor/Major releases
    - There will be work that is meant for minor or major releases only and not 11.0. In which case, we'll create a **staging** branch for that release until it's ready to merge to develop. There will not be using the release branch like we did with 11.0. That was bad.

That's it! Is that clear to everyone? Let me know if something isn't clear, or if you have any questions. if I missed anything from the discussion, add it in there. It's possible, I'm not a great listener.