Dev Retro

Win 7 Support
- Client is asking for extended coverage for Windows 10
- Should we be keeping a Windows 10 machine around for testing purposes
- This should also involve Garvin
- Milos will bring this up at tech team

When cutting Major/minor we need to sign it twice
- For 11.1 we will have a solution for this.
- Mo will log a ticket for this.

Wix build toolset missing
- Make sure that you have this installed before you need it.
- Check if Wix build toolset is a part of the setting up your system doc and update if it is not. - Lucius
- Mo - SOFT post

3rd Party libs are not QT6 compliant
- Keep track of these libraries. 
- Do we want to add this list to the dev wiki - Milos
- Can't put up a code review - too many files changed.

Building setup producing the installer locally cannot trigger release
- Mo to log a ticket for this

Qt build lock
- This might be solved in Qt6
- Swap to DLLs?
- Build lock issue is more of an issue on the Qt side.


Retro

Future upgrade tech work or migrations
- Better mapping of the libs we use and what they rely on, how would they be affected by an upgrade. More attention to documentation.

Re-estimated tag
- What does this mean?
- This seems to be a relic of an old process. Our new process makes this obsolete.
- Amber - remove tag

Lower Velocity
- Can be attributed to more time off, blocked stories, illness, and investigations into future work.

Team Structure
- We'll leave teams as is for the time being and shift things if there are too many co-ops on that one team.


Discuss Windows compatibility at tech team - Milos
Log ticket for double signing issue - Mo
Check if Wix build toolset is a part of the setting up your system doc and update if it is not. - Lucius
Soft post for Wix build toolset - Mo
Add list of 3rd party libs to the dev wiki - Milos
Remove re-estimated tag - Amber