11939
- 11.0 issue introduced when we swapped formations to use the formation ID
- We should know how to handle ID's better.
- Avoidable failure.
- Could have broken down the project better.

11967
- Adding in the Qfutures caused this race condition to bubble up to the surface.
- The fix uses a direct connection instead of a delayed connection.
- Novel Failure
- Could have caught this in testing during the Qfutures testing.

11929
- Avoidable failure
- Focused heavily on localdb neglected the SQL server side.
- We could be more deliberate about the version and testing environments that we use.
- We should be more proactive on the planning side for system requirements and 3rd party db's.

11718
- Velocity Modelling is a complicated application and there is a fair amount of complexity involved in working in the app.
- Unit test your apps
- This application should have had more thorough testing.

11886
- We didn't know all of the places that sources are used.
- Avoidable failure
- Part of a big project and there is always something hiding.
- In the future we need to be aware of XML files and make sure that they are backwards compatible.
- Standards for property files? Portability?
- Which way do we go forward with properties files

11923
- Unit testing and automated testing should be easier to automate.
- Avoidable failure.
- The larger the scope of the testing the higher the chance that we are going to be introducing bugs/missing bugs in the testing.
- Should we be making a note of risks when we are making larger changes.
- 