Dev Retro

Inequality operator
-  !operator= =(rhs)
- Coding Standards - Rolf

Conan Process
- Minor issues on the co-ops end, slow and non-descriptive errors.
- Came out of the problems upgrading QT6
- Tough to get working but only has to be set up once.
- Switch the order in the set-up documentation - Abdel

Team City and Signing
- Would require some PD time to resolve.
- Do we want to fix this before we have remote signing?
- Update the script when the build server moves to another machine?
- SOFT post to describe how to change the script to work?
- Document the script and possibly make a SOFT post. -

QT header files .h
- QT convention is to not use .h i.e. #include <QResource>
- Update coding standards - Rolf

Checking hubspot/10duke
- Critty Cat or Bug Busters
- How do we deal with hubspot/10duke breaking changes moving forward? We need someone to track these changes and communicate with the team.
- Maintain an excel document of changes being made.
- Evergreen on maintenance team - Abdel

AI and you?
- Murray is interested in how well AI would work.
- What are the benefits/drawbacks?
- Code exposure concerns?
- Host LLM locally.
- PD initiative 

PD ideas area
- Lucius is going to generate a new section of the Miro board for PD ideas.
- Confirm with Milos.

Retro

Help Files
- Support needs time to get help files together. Should we have a way to let Support know ahead of time.
- Jeremy to bring this up at strat to see if we need offline help.

11.1.0 portfolio
- Needs to be cleaned.
- Abdel will take a look at this in tech debt meeting.

Update Patch vs Minor vs major page
- Sam is looking into updating this documentation
- Minor - additive db upgrade
- Major - breaking db changes
- Team discussion if we need to use a Major version.

Remote Desktop 
-Follow up with IT - Nick

Bug Details 
- QA should Identify the branch that the defect is found in. 
- 