Dev Retro

"Branched off of" field definition?
- What is the intended use of this field? Typically this is used by the devs to keep track of where the branch needs to be merged back to when the story is completed.
- Discussion result: We're good with the current field name. 
- Documentation for field names in digital.ai - Mo
Sharing PD knowledge
- Lunch and Learns - Continue to do these as the PD projects conclude.
- Section for PD stickies on the retro board?
- Two objective: Transparency and Sharing Knowledge
- PD transparency ticket - Milos
Verifying the SDK solution - When to do it?
- The server should be doing that for us.
- New config that does all of the build steps and verifies the SDK - Sam
- Set this as a sprint goal and determine if we need to make this a ticket
- https://www.jetbrains.com/help/teamcity/configuring-schedule-triggers.html
- Add a SOFT post as well.

Retro

Standalone App Bugs
- How do we deal with these?
- Treat them like normal bugs. 
- If an issue comes in from support we can determine why they are using the application standalone and determine if we need to resolve the issue.
- Don't ignore bugs - Let QA know and get something logged.
Team Swap
- Aidan taking on scrum lord for Uncon
Each team send meeting names to Milos
- Determine new name for Uncon team and send meeting names to Milos.

Action items:
Documentation for digital.ai field names - Mo
PD Transparency ticket on Miro - Milos
New config that verifies the SDK - Sam
Scrum Lord for Uncon team - Aidan
Send meeting names to Milos - Per team