VS 2022
- No major complaints.
- Some older branches building in 2019 but not 2022. 
- Garby: "My intellisense seems slightly less robust in VS 2022"
- ADR links are broken - Need to update the extension

Ranking Code Reviews in order of importance
- We kind of already do that, sorting by due date. Left up to the individual reviewer.
- Mo: Our migration to Azure would help greatly with this. Can mark required & optional reviewers, and set rules for what a "completed" code review looks like. We should probably just prioritize that migration and have this problem be handled by Azure, in my opinion.
- Zainab: I think we should. I agree with Milos's point about having only 1-2 required reviewers for smaller code reviews (1 file for example)
- Seems like this can be a communication issue. Bring it up in scrum and discuss with the team.
- Case by case basis.

"Remove Attribute Viewer"
- Should have added a task to the ticket to update the other one?
- Dependency? This would have required the cut story to already exist and the cut known.
- At least adding a task to the story would have helped.

Excalidraw
- Check it out - Milos

Action Items:
Check out Excalidraw - Milos
Bring up Hubspot/10Duke API at tech team - Milos
Hubspot/10Duke API Usage process - Milos
Book Zone Analyzer Retro - Garby
"Where do accepted things go?" Diagram/flowchart - Muhammad
Check project/portfolio and ticket documents to ensure clarity - Garby
Check out the filters project - Milos
Add a "successful sprint" goal - All teams

Automated way to check our usage of HubSpot API and 10Duke
- 10Duke doesn't force upgrades like hubspot.
- Hubspot does not have a staging environment.
- What's the problem that we are trying to solve?
	- If Hubspot/10Duke fail we might lose the ability to push licenses.
- We check the changelog every month but it seems ineffective. 
- I see your point Lucius Ho let me bring it up at tech team. I am going to formulate a better way for us to handle this two - Milos
- Milos: So a new license they might not be able to work. Yeah I need to figure out a better plan for this I like it Garby Gilbert but I feel there are issues with that as well. I'll formulate a process and present to team

Book Zone Analyzer retro
- Yes - Garby

Portfolios and Projects
- Idea: main friction seems to be the "where do Accepted things go?" and the documentation for it is a little verbose for finding a quick answer. Maybe a little flowchart/diagram that more succinctly shows the answer would help
- "Where do accepted things go?" Diagram/flowchart - Muhammad
- Once the story goes into accepted it is the responsibility of the developer.
- Milos: "For portfolios and projects: It is important for knowing where it goes - so we have good record keeping for projects and releases. Know how much we do for different buckets. Another reason is - for example I needed to provide info for KPMG audit so needed to go digging."

Bottlenecks
- How do we deal with them more effectively?
- Design the portfolio better in the first place.
- Some strategies that can help in specific cases: swarming large stories, using unit tests to allow a story for an incomplete workflow to be merged, or finding some other way to define deliverables that lets us split a ticket up
- Mention the issues in scrum and discuss as a team.

Portfolio Closing
- POs are the only ones who should be closing portfolios, otherwise it should just be changing the status to Merged and setting the end date. Might need action to double check that [https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Project%20and%20Portfolio%20Planning.aspx](https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Project%20and%20Portfolio%20Planning.aspx) or [https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Managing%20Tickets%20in%20Digital.ca%20Agility.aspx](https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Managing%20Tickets%20in%20Digital.ca%20Agility.aspx) or both mention this.
- Check if these documents are clear - Garby

Cross Team Testing Volunteers for Filters
- All filter data types
- filter testing - Milos

Successful Sprints:
- Mo: "I don't think in terms of sprints, I think in terms of features, so I don't often consider a successful vs unsuccessful sprint"
- Alana: "when there's nothing too "out of the ordinary" for the burndown, and all tickets that we discussed during planning end up closed or are part of the flow."
- AI: A successful sprint is one where the team achieves its specific, pre-defined Sprint Goal, delivering value by completing the work in the Sprint Backlog and meeting the "Definition of Done". Key indicators include focused execution on the goal, effective collaboration, and a clear, measurable outcome that aligns with the product's overall vision
- Add a sprint goal.