Dev Retro

Code Reviews
- Put up code reviews earlier to promote conversations at scrum. Better idea of what others are doing at all times.
- Look into the timers on the columns to facilitate conversations on items that are taking longer than average - Milos
- Add evergreen to the board - Teams
- Look at average time for stories - Milos

No... More portfolios
- What if we just integrated all stories back into develop?
- No integration portfolios.
- In terms of features that are semi-complete it could potentially introduce bugs.
- "Maybe we just need to split out portfolios into smaller releasable chunks" - Lucius


Retro

3DV - are we worried about the stability?
- Old scene causes issues with the stability. How do we want to capture the justification to replace oldscene? Count the number of times that the oldscene causes an issue?
- Do we want to regression test the 3DV. 
	- Add this as part of the test plan for 11.0.4. - Nick

BaseMainWindow
- How do we want to deal with the investigation? Do we want to do it during the course of the ticket? Investigation stories? Out of band?
- Case-by-case basis?
- If the expectation is that the story is going to grow then we don't need to do the investigation beforehand?
- We don't currently track the work that goes into being a portfolio owner.
- A planning portfolio to produce the optimal portfolio?
- A story dedicated to the producing the portfolio.
- Schedule a meeting to update the documentation regarding this - Mo

Critty Cat
- Mo taking over
- Do we want this to be a general custodian to handle out-of-band stuff?
- ADHDev

Sprint Goals
- Hit about 50% of the sprint goals.
- Can help guide change in process
- "Why didn't I meet my goal?"
- Use failed goals to foster discussion and create more meaningful goals.

By EOW send an email to Milos: If you had a magic wand and could change anything in the process what would it be?

