Dev Retro

OAuthLogin failing?
- Seems to be a Mo specific issue. Might be related to network connectivity? We should investigate in case users can run into the same problem.
- Goal for Mo to look into this - Mo
- Add SOFT post if not already there - Garby
QWebEngine
- Aidan: "I think we should kill it."
- We have a story for this in the QT6 portfolio
- This is becoming problematic so the Filterdelphia team is going to take that on.
Why do we have a solution for Attribute Viewer?
- Create a ticket for this and add to 2025 tech debt - Garby
Res Difficulties
- Aidan, Garby, Allen
Open ended questions doc
- Add to orange, link in SOFT post - Milos

Retro

SDK solutions 
- Can we port these fixes back to the 11.0 cut? Garby to contact Abdel about this.
Onboarding
- Where are the gaps in our training?
- Are there onboarding processes for QT or Lambda? 
- https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Working%20On%20Your%20First%20Commit.aspx
- Review document and add anything missing - Ed
Capacity Sheet
- If you have enhancements for how this works send them to Andrew.
Scrum Masters
- Lucius taking over Scrum duties for Bug Busters.
VDS Investigation
- We have a ticket for this. 
What would be the process for requests/functionalities that are not a part of the main software package?
- For example we had the hubspot work in the active software project. This was not a part of the active software and should have been dealt with differently.
- Spin this off into a separate meeting.
- Projects process meeting - Lucius.
Portfolio item process:
- https://seisware.sharepoint.com/sites/ProductTeam/Development%20Wiki/Managing%20Accepted%20Tickets%20in%20Digital.ai%20Agility.aspx
Critty Cat
- 3 sprints
- SOFT post - Aidan
Verify the SDK Solution - When should this be done?
- At cut time? This seems a little late. 
- Bundle SDK solution changes with any other SDK changes.
- Mo: "I made a proposal that all sdk stuff should be pulled out of general solutions."
- Topic pushed to Dev Retro

Action Items:
Review First Commit document and add any missing process - Ed
Take over scrum master duties for Bug Busters - Lucius
Book enhancements and projects meeting - Lucius
Critty Cat SOFT post - Aidan
Add a goal to look into OAuthLogin failing - Mo
Add SOFT post for OAuthLogin if not already there - Garby
Add tech debt ticket for removing the Attribute Viewer solution - Garby
Res Difficulty volunteers - Aidan, Garby, Allen
Open Ended Questions doc and link in SOFT post - Milos