Dev Retro

Code review later
- Good for the WITSML stuff - posting an earlier code review sped up development, mistakes get caught quicker.
- Keep as an evergreen

SW Burning Questions
- Add to the ADHDev list of tasks?
- Let support know to post high priority dev questions in the "support needs help channel"

Folders under feature
- Bring back the full list of branches in the branch email - Lucius
- Don't skip the unmerged ones
- Send out message after script is reverted. - Lucius

sdkclient.test failing
- API server hasn't been built recently?
- Why are the tests disabled on the server?
- Cost of solving the issues in the tests is too high?
- Log this issue and take it on next sprint. Reenable and skip the bad ones - Mo
- B-17075 https://www13.v1host.com/SeisWareInternationalInc/assetdetail.v1?number=B-17075
- Turn into a portfolio and turn it into multiple stories.
- Create a portfolio and add in the stuff that was skipped.
- Wait for AzureDevOps?


Retro

- Add sprint goal to make notes on AI agents before the AI and us meeting.

Sprint Goals
- Are they helping?
- Yeah, they remind us where we are supposed to be.
- When you have good goals, they can guide how the sprint is going to go.
- Continue with Sprint goals going forward.

(No) More Portfolios
- Continuous delivery is a foundation of agile. There is an opportunity to merge more work to develop if we reduce the size of portfolios.
- Do we have more opportunities to merge to develop?
- Add "merge points" into existing portfolios. Put a tag on the portfolio.
- How do we properly track if a portfolio is half merged into a release?
- Trade off - More tracking work, higher mental load vs more continuous integration.
- Readding Recon - Use this as an example to plan the portfolio in a CD way - Mo

Help Files
- Bottleneck with Sean
- PO's can also access the help files.
- Generate help ticket in cut portfolio? Just let Sean know ahead of time.
- Are we okay with the offline help being kind of out of date? It shouldn't hold up the cut.
- Remove offline help from 11.1?

Should Protobytes be a part of retro?
- Yes - Add it back in.

