Dev Retro

Issues with QT build environment
- Small issues with builds adding up to a larger impact over time.
- Build the individual libs/apps that the dev is currently working on to avoid compiling the tests
- Look into the SOFT post for the build environment - Garby
- Book meeting with Garby if you are running into issues with the build environment.

For QT containers use value() instead of []
- problem: Because this is in the API server and that needs to be stable we need extra protections in the event of a crash.
- This is already included in Effective Seisware but we want this to be more solid, add this to the coding standards - Garby

Res Difficulties
- Rolf and Sam

Switch everyone to use git http
- If you haven't done this yet, please do. There is a a SOFT post for this that can provide more info

Need 2 docs to set up a new build environment
- Using only one does not fully complete the set up.
- Clean up the docs - Garby
- Script - Ed V

Swap over SW solution + toolkit on Buildserver
- Due to some code changes we won't be able to do this until after 11.0.
- Do we want to deal with the timeout situation? Yes, we have brought those tickets into the 2025 priorities.
- Make sure that we are prioritizing this work in the new year - Abdel

Critical/Support Needs Help - Captain
- Sam

Retrospective
Branched off of Field
- Use it

10.8.7 Critical
- Result of fixing a bug with directional surveys.
- We changed an area of shared code, we didn't catch that in code review or testing notes.
- Avoidable failure - Will be discussed further in the 10.8.7 post-mortem.
- Communication is the way to defeat avoidable failures.

Internal Sprint Reviews
- We would like a better way to get more feedback internally.
- We do get some feedback from these meetings but would like more.
- PO's could do a mini focus group when reviewing new functionality.

Team Structure

2025.2 plan:

Filters                   Abdel, Mo, Allen

TGS                       EdV, Aidan, Rolf

BBusters             Garby, coops, Sam, Lucius

                               Plan out coop project (Color)

                                Have meeting for uncon  - whole product team

                                Criticals + bugs/po enh/tech debt when run out of work for 11.0. Criticals highest priority

                                Lucius moving to TGS at some point during sprint.

2025.3 plan: Assumption: 11.0 cut and frozen

Filters                    Abdel, Mo, Allen

TGS                        EdV, Aidan, Rolf, Lucius

BBusters             coops working on (Color)

                                Criticals

                                Sam + Garby on uncon. However uncon lowest priority: Criticals

                                bugs/po enh/tech debt