Dev Retro

Evergreen: Md file for AI
- After the code review, commit it to develop
- Abdel - Commit AI file to develop.

QStringLiteral
- Use this instead of the QString constructor. It makes it more compile-time.
- Add to the coding standards - Rolf

[[Licensing]] a new app
- For making new apps, why can't we add it to the production environment?
- For the production environment we have to keep things a certain way to prevent unauthorized users from accessing things they shouldn't be able to.
- Lack of auditing in the production environment makes it dangerous to modify things.
- This is controlled by Sales rather than Development.

Dev PD week
- Kickoff meeting booked


Retro

Ownership of the code-signing portal - ADHDev at the time 

Unit testing Mercury
- Lucius is going to check with Jeremy tomorrow in scrum to make sure that he is adding unit tests.

Bugs Bunnies Scrum Lord - Nick
Send meeting invites to Nick - Milos

Hackathon
- In office both days
- Wednesday vibe coding training

Handover of Mo's current work
- Stack overflow for teams - Aidan and Abdel are admins
- M Drive - Lucius
- Reviving Recon - Allen, Rolf


- Commit AI file to develop - Abdel
- Add QStringLiteral to the coding standards - Rolf
- Check with Jeremy and ensure that unit tests are being added appropriately - Lucius
- Take over the Bugs Bunnies Scrum Lord duties - Nick
- Send Nick the invites for Bugs Bunnies scrums - Milos
- Hand over Mo's current workload and duties - Milos
	- Middleware - Add Rolf
	- M Drive - Lucius
	- Reviving Recon - Allen, Rolf