Dev Retro

How do we keep track of what other teams are working on/what files are being modified?
- Part of the pipeline

Where to log PDPlanner's Bugs/Enhancements?
- General question of where we keep bugs for internal tools
- All bugs will go with the project board on DevOps
- Who is responsible for logging this ticket

Pair programming best practices
- Plan ahead, break up the tasks into parts that do not cause merge conflicts.
- Share Session (Liveshare) in Visual Basic is an option that we haven't tried much recently.
- Having one person drive and one to validate can be useful as well for more complex problems.
- Multiple solutions to the same problem.
- Muhammed - Wiki page for pair programming.

Accountability
- Sprint goals: We want to keep red goals scary. We don't want things to linger in the red, we should set new dates for things if we need to reprioritize.
- How can we get better feedback between Milos and the team?
	- Use a simple feedback option
	- Clear and concise directions 
	- Direct links.
	- Deadlines.
	- The team agrees to add a thumbs up to acknowledge they have accomplished the task

No more pushes to develop?
- There are still some things left to merge so the branch is not currently frozen
- Milos will let the team know when he is ready to shift the builds to DevOps

DevOps Pipelines
- Allen, Rolf and Nick.
- Milos - Create group chat.

How do we want to split up projects in ADO?
- Milos is planning on migrating the major applications first and then bringing in smaller projects.
- Lucius: "SeisWare project for all user facing builds and an Internal Tools project for all internal tools."

Old code reviews
- Being able to see old code reviews has some utility.
- Current tool works well for our current use case.

Retro

Criticals in Mercury
- Do we need root cause analysis? Post-mortems? Team will be assessing process moving forward.

Make Retro more efficient
- Discussions are often off topic, should we be limiting things to just process. Be more diligent about tabling discussions for separate meetings.
- 