Dev Retro

Header Initialization
- Reject it outright and leave it to the constructors?
- Garby - Update the code review.

Zensical
- Improved documentation experience. Better, cleaner interface.
- Lucius - Share Zensical info
- Aidan - Share Obsidian

11.1 For Wells QSharedMemory
- How are we going to handle the testing load?
- Does this require a minor update? Not Necessarily.
- Would require a regression test.
- Nick - Update the regression test plan.

Pipelines in ADO
- Milos will coordinate with Rolf and Nick.
- For a Visual Studio upgrade, we need to recompile binaries for shipped SDK stuff (proto and something else) and the SDK projects.
- Garby: need a dev to do a fresh checkout of the repo on the branch with all of the proposed changes, and ensure they can build from start to finish including installers without any undocumented extra steps (eg pulling files into Installed_Resources the script should have done for them)
- Show and tell
- Rolf - 2 point story to deal with this.

Port the Seismic Attach API
- Minor version update - API changes.
- This should go into 11.1
- Garby - Book meeting for "What goes into 11.1"


Retro

Mercury Process meeting/retro - Discuss usability issues and timelines, Invite Milos - Lucius

Where does bridge fit in Mercury?
- Is it a Protobytes responsibility?
- Teams will be juggled when we figure out the Shape-up project around this.

Communication Gap around Bridge
- No PO for bridge yet
- We are unsure of what we want to do with Bridge right now.

Shape Up!
- Alana will post a link to the mini-guide for Shape Up.
- This will be starting to be rolled out next sprint.
- Alana will have a meeting for intro and Q&A.
- Prioritizing WITSML and XSV seismic

Videos for Bugs
- Put videos up on the Heat reference drive.
- Nick - Make sure that this works

Teams
- Rolf can be removed from Bug Busters

11.1
- Performance documentation for marketing

Garby - book multi-data source in toolkit retro and AI Transformation Retro
