How we disappeared by Jing-Jing Lee follows the story of Wang-Di as she survives the horrors of being a "comfort girl" in Singapore during the Japanese occupation and Kevin in a more present day setting dealing with the death of his grandmother and looking for his relatives. This was a tough book to read, Wang-Di's experiences were harrowing and uncomfortable, the tension and fear were very present throughout. Switching to a Kevin chapter felt a deviation from the more compelling story and his story-line had significantly lower stakes giving me a bit of whiplash when switching between the two. Overall it was an interesting story, told from a perspective that I haven't heard before but it would be a tough book to recommend to someone. 3/5

There is no Antimemetics Division by qntm
This was my pick for book club, I saw it on a list of new science fiction novels and judging solely on the cover I decided that this looked like an interesting book. I went into this book with no prior knowledge and I'm glad that I did, it was certainly a unique story and fun to read. There was kind of an existential horror that goes with trying to fight(?) an entity that defies memory that made the conflict in the story different from anything else that I have read. Any other attempt I make to describe this book seems to slip from my memory but I will say that I enjoyed the novel and look forward to reading more from qntm. 4.5/5

A Psalm for the Wild Built by Becky Chambers
This book is hard to review, it feels like the first chapter of a book. I kept waiting for something to happen but this isn't that kind of book. It feels very cozy and pleasant as we follow a tea monk as they travel around listening to peoples problems and giving them tea, while also dealing with their own internal conflict, and then they meet a robot and have a chat. That's pretty much the whole story. The conversations are interesting and the solarpunk environment is a different take that I haven't seen a lot of before but I felt like there just could have been more.
2.5/5

Piranesi by Susanna Clarke

Piranesi by Susanna Clarke follows the story of Piranesi, our narrator, as he explores the mostly empty labyrinth that he lives in. With no memory of the world outside of the labyrinth he is viewing this world through new eyes. This gives the reading an interesting perspective but can at times be a little annoying when he goes into detail. It seems like there is more to the story than what we are given. The how's and why's of the big reveal are mostly waved away and left me wondering about the mechanics of the world that the book takes place in. Overall, I found it to be a comfortable book to read, the setting seemed interesting but there could have been more.
3.5/5

The Finder by Will Ferguson

The Finder by Will Ferguson bounces mostly between an interpol agent attempting to track down a world renowned thief and a world-weary travel writer as he attempts to track down his ex-girlfriend with occasional glimpses into the perspective of "The Finder". This book felt like it was close to a very interesting story with the character of the Finder, a seemingly amoral man who tracks down items thought lost to time. The cat and mouse game between The Finder and the Interpol agent chasing him could have been a fun story and the parts of that story that we are able to hear about are interesting. Instead we spend most of the story following the Author's obvious self-insert travel writer character as he seems to coincidentally stumble through the most important parts of the story. Overall, it is a fun book but doesn't stand out as a favorite.
3.5/5