Back in October I went on a tour of Peru. This was my first organized tour group, I initially had some apprehension about this (eww, people) but it turned out alright. Here's some highlights:

Lima: The city has a population of 11 million people and 0 traffic rules. We didn't spend a ton of time in Lima and it's a massive city so I don't think I can give a full review but from what I saw it is an interesting city with a lot of history. If you are looking to relax on the beach, this is not the right place, it's overcast most of the year and the ocean is rough but popular with surfers.

Puno: After a short flight and bus ride we made it to the town of Puno on the shore of Lake Titicaca. The altitude in Puno is 3800m (for reference Calgary is about 1000m). Some altitude sickness started to kick in but wasn't much more than a mild hangover and a bit of difficulty catching my breath. We took a boat tour of Lake Titicaca, the worlds highest navigable body of water, and met the Uros people who live on semi-floating islands made out of reeds in the middle of the lake. That was followed an overnight stay in a small village with a local family, it was an interesting experience that really stretched the limits of my Spanish but taught me valuable sheep herding skills which I am sure will serve me well in the future. 

Cusco: A very scenic 8 hour bus ride through the Andes brought us to Cusco, the former capital of the Incan empire. At this point everyone is as adjusted to the altitude as we are going to get. The Spanish architecture built on top of the Incan foundations makes Cusco a really unique city with a ton of museums and ruins to check out. All of the food that I had in this city was great, for peruvian specialties I would try the roasted chicken with green sauce and the Aji de Gallina (a spicy yellow chicken stew/curry) and I highly recommend the Pisco Sour, many Pisco Sour's. Guinea Pig tastes like chicken thigh, it doesn't have a lot of meat on it and has lots of little bones. It's not bad but I wouldn't make it a part of my regular dietary rotation. Alpaca is great, it tastes a lot like lean beef and works well in a variety of dishes. It's served in most restaurants and isn't super expensive so worth checking out.

Ollantaytambo: This is where you start if you are taking the Incan Trail to hike to Machu Picchu. It has access to more Incan ruins and The Temple of the Sun is just outside of the very small town. Not as much to see as Cusco but only a couple of hours away by bus. 

Aguas Calientes and Machu Picchu: Instead of hiking you can also take a train to Aguas Calientes which is a small town which provides bus access to the actual Machu Picchu ruins. The tour of the ruins takes a couple hours and the tour guides are very knowledgeable. It's hard to describe visiting these ruins in the clouds, it's a humbling experience, check out the pictures they explain things better than I can.

Rainbow Mountain: A 3 hour bus ride from Cusco this is a new tourist destination only uncovered in the last 20 years or so by rapidly melting glaciers. This shouldn't be a difficult hike and takes about an hour and a half but the elevation jumps up to 5000m (almost the same altitude as Everest base camp) and the air gets pretty thin making frequent breaks a necessity. The landscapes are beautiful and it's definitely worth the effort to get to Rainbow Mountain.

Overall: This was a great trip, I would highly recommend Peru. English isn't super common so I would recommend brushing up on some basic Spanish or going with a guide. The food everywhere is great, potatoes and quinoa are in almost everything. Road laws are a loose suggestion at best and I would recommend going with a cab over a rental vehicle. On a similar note, if you are trying to cross the road it's more of frogger situation, run quickly in between vehicles. As for the tour, the guide that we had for our group was great and made everything so much less stressful. Between the hotels, restaurants, buses, planes, boats and pedal-cabs (sometimes multiple of those on the same day) there were a lot of logistics that I am glad that I didn't have to deal with, especially with my limited Spanish. The trade-off being that you don't have full control of what you are going to do and not a lot of free time. I would have done more hikes if I had the time, but the days were always full and I feel like I experienced more than I would have on my own. On the whole I would recommend the tour experience. 